###########
 Streaming
###########

*****
 Why
*****

The Nuitka development will hopefully become richer by me developing
online one day per week. It's not clear yet, when this could be.

*****
 How
*****

I think the main chat could still be on Gitter, could create a room
there, but Youtube chat might be equally good. Also Discord might be
used for a call-in part. I have created https://discord.gg/9RDbhGXpCD as
a test bed for that. In the call-in side of things, I might discuss one
on one with viewers, live on air. I might be able to send notifications
out this way, not sure.

Also, I have setup OBS with a camera view and my desktop shared, and I
expect to be streaming to Youtube on my existing channel that I cleaned
up a bit: https://www.youtube.com/c/KayHayen

******
 When
******

I believe the weekend should be used. Not sure yet when exactly I can
start. I have told myself to first get the website in place. With the
Sphinx migration done, I do think that Stripe payment integration needs
to go next, but I might do that at the same time, or even during
streams. :)

I plan to stream with one lunch/sports break, a morning and an afternoon
or evening, and maybe if I get carried away, more often.

******
 What
******

My idea is to take on challenging topics, e.g. making code
specialization of ``INT`` ``LONG`` and ``CLONG`` work for code like
``some_int += 2``, where the ``2`` is currently used as a prepared
``INT`` or ``LONG`` object (depending on Python version).

**************
 Annoucements
**************

I think I could e.g. go with streaming on Sunday and announcing the topic
on Friday in a blog post, and a Twitter post. Then when going live, a
Discord ping could be done, but I am not sure, I have this available
with the few visitors of the channel. Gitter chat could be better.
Youtube has the bell, that I might ask people to use, but I don't like
asking these things.
